Dad?
snow melt
Dad, are you really okay?
I'm not dreaming
You are not dreaming
It's all true.
What the hell is going on here?
It's all thanks to love wars
He found out that someone wanted me dead
Love War Our Longshan Group Love War
Just let me blow up
Lead the snake out of the hole
It seems that I really blamed you
Why are you going to apologize to me?
Apologize for what?
You pretend to be a yellow account, I haven't calculated it for you yet.
Ah, that's right.
The beautiful seam god of war is here
I have to complain to you about him.
What to complain about
I want to see the emperor
Ask him to intercede with the American god of war
He told me that the emperor was waiting for me at the hotel
But I went there and found out
He was pretending to be wearing a mask
If he is impersonating
There is no real emperor in this world
What do you mean?
he
Is that really you?
So stupid
There is only one emperor in this world
Who else can make every God of War submit to orders?
Ah that
Then you are the real emperor
Give you a chance to be a royal wife
Would you like to?
Hey, how dare you refuse me to kill you?
This is what my dad forced me to do
Just say yes.
Come on. Let's get ready for the wedding.